gh-125562: Update to documentation for exec* functions (#125565)
python/cpython: Doc/library/os.rst

              execvp(file, args)
              execvpe(file, args, env)

   (Note that the :mod:`subprocess` module provides more powerful facilities for
   spawning new processes and retrieving their results; using that module is

>    preferable to using these functions.)

Reviewer: _Subprocess_ isn’t a replacement for _exec_; it does not replace the existing process, as far as I know.

Author: Text removed.

   :func:`sys.stdout.flush` or :func:`os.fsync` before calling an
   :func:`exec\* <execl>` function.

   *Program arguments*

   The various :func:`exec\* <execl>` functions take a list of arguments for the new
   program loaded into the process.  In each case, the first of these arguments must
   be the name of the program itself, and not an argument that a user may
   have typed on a command line.

   This first argument is equivalent to the ``argv[0]``
   passed to a program's :c:func:`main` in a C program.  For example, ``os.execv('/bin/echo',
   ['foo', 'bar'])`` will only print ``bar`` on standard output; ``foo`` will seem
   to be ignored.

>    *Fixed and variable numbers of arguments*

Reviewer: Maybe better off without this heading? The paragraph still falls under “Program arguments”, for a total of only two or three paragraphs.

Author: Agreed, done.

   :func:`sys.stdout.flush` or :func:`os.fsync` before calling an
   :func:`exec\* <execl>` function.

>    *Arguments*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   *Program arguments*
```

Differentiate from the other arguments to the _exec_ functions

   The various :func:`exec\* <execl>` functions take a list of arguments for the new
   program loaded into the process.  In each case, the first of these arguments must
   be the name of the program itself, and not an argument that a user may

>    have typed on a command line.

Reviewer: Since you already edited the second sentence, I’ll point out that often the first word on a command line is indeed the program name (e.g. shell command “echo bar”) so saying “not an argument . . . typed on a command line” is confusing if not wrong.

Author: I'm open to any suggestions as to better wording?  That phrasing came from the original documentation, I agree it's not great but I found it difficult to come up with something better that I was confident was correct.

Reviewer: Here is my attempt:

The _exec_ functions take a list of arguments for the new program. The first of these is by convention the command name from the command line, rather than an argument to the command, and becomes _argv_[0] passed to the _main_ function of a C program. For example, _os.execv('/bin/echo', ['echo', 'foo', 'bar'])_ would only print _foo bar_; the _echo_ argument would seem to be ignored.

>    For the C programmer, this is the ``argv[0]``

Reviewer: I’m not sure breaking the paragraph works. “This” refers to the name of the program (topic of the last sentence of the last paragraph), not the overall Program Arguments heading.

Author: I decided to retain the paragraph break and instead reworded the first sentence in the paragraph.  I'm not entirely sure what the documentation is getting at with the second sentence in the paragraph.  I'm open to further suggestions for improving this paragraph - I feel it could be improved but I'm not sure how.

   parameter.  In either case, the arguments to the child process should start with
   the name of the command being run, but this is not enforced.

   *Location of the executable*

   The variants which include a "p" near the end (:func:`execlp`,
   :func:`execlpe`, :func:`execvp`, and :func:`execvpe`) will use the
   :envvar:`PATH` environment variable to locate the program *file*.  When the
   environment is being replaced (using one of the :func:`exec\*e <execl>` variants,

>    discussed in the next paragraph), the new environment is used as the source of

Reviewer: Now discussed three paragraphs down under _Environment variables_

>    :envvar:`PATH` environment variable to locate the program *file*.  When the
>    environment is being replaced (using one of the :func:`exec\*e <execl>` variants,
>    discussed in the next paragraph), the new environment is used as the source of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :envvar:`PATH` environment variable to locate the program *file*.  When the
   environment is being replaced (see *Environment variables*
   below), the new environment is used as the source of
```

   the :envvar:`PATH` variable.

   The other variants, :func:`execl`, :func:`execle`,

>    :func:`execv`, and :func:`execve`, will not use the :envvar:`PATH` variable to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The variants without "p" (:func:`execl`, :func:`execle`,
   :func:`execv`, and :func:`execve`) will not use the :envvar:`PATH` variable to
```

   .. versionchanged:: 3.6
      Accepts a :term:`path-like object`.

   .. seealso::
      The :mod:`subprocess` module.

>       The :func:`system` and :func:`spawnl` functions also execute a system command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The :func:`system` and :func:`spawn <spawnl>` functions also execute a new program.
```

      These functions are :term:`soft deprecated` and should no longer be used
      to write new code. The :mod:`subprocess` module is recommended instead.

   .. seealso::
      The :mod:`subprocess` module.

>       The :func:`system` and :func:`execl` functions also execute a system command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The :func:`system` and :func:`exec <execl>` functions also execute a new program.
```

   .. availability:: Unix, Windows, not WASI, not Android, not iOS.

   .. seealso::
      The :mod:`subprocess` module.

>       The :func:`execl` and :func:`spawnl` functions also execute a system command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      The :func:`exec <execl>` and :func:`spawn <spawnl>` functions also execute a system command.
```
